No one volunteered.
So I said, oh, how hard could it be?
So I took the ball and ran with it,
and ran the Python Ireland meetups every month.
Nearly every month for nearly over eleven years.
I was really very privileged, in the right place at
the right time, being able to see Python in the
early days, being able to see a lot of the
core developers. Came across them I didn't even know.
Kind of nearly fainted when my husband told me you
were sitting on the table with all the core developers.
When you run a meetup, you don't have to have food
if you don't need to, but you don't need your beer,
you don't need your pizza, you don't need all those sandwiches.
You'd be lucky if you can get company
to host you, because normally they have a
kitchenette. Community meant a lot to me.
So even though I start moving away from Python
stuff, I always think back to how I got
started, and that is python, the community itself.
What is irish tea? Is it black tea?
I don't know if you want to keep that in
the podcast, but it might cause a fury in Ireland.
"I don't want to listen to Vicky anymore!"
"She drinks irish tea!"
Vicky here from PyLadies and Coding Grace and
Thanks for having me on PyPodcats
I hope you enjoy this episode. Thanks.